#summary ZEUS-NL Source Code Release
#labels Featured


= Project Summary =

ZEUS-NL is the analysis and simulation platform of the [http://mae.cee.uiuc.edu/ Mid-America Earthquake (MAE) Center]. It is a state-of-the-art 3D static and dynamic platform specifically developed for earthquake engineering applications. Its extreme efficiency, accuracy, verification and user-friendly graphical user interface has made it easier than ever to undertake inelastic large displacement analysis of complex frames using the fiber approach, with a suite of material models and elements. The MAE Center requires that publications, including results from ZEUS-NL, include an acknowledgement of [http://mae.cee.uiuc.edu/ Mid-America Earthquake Center] and the [http://www.nsf.gov/ National Science Foundation] (Award Number EEC-9701785). The use of the software and associated documentation files is subjected to the [http://zeus-nl.googlecode.com/files/Open_Source_License.pdf copyright agreement].

With this project ZEUS-NL becomes open source allowing users to add their own features such as material models, elements and so on. ZEUS-NL is written in FORTRAN 77. The developer team will provide documentation on implementation of new features.

Now MAE Center is looking for new users and contributors to its finite element analysis package ZEUS-NL.


= What is included? =

  * [https://zeus-nl.googlecode.com/files/ZeusNL_Installation_files_for_Windows_system.zip  Installation files for ZEUS-NL (Windows operating system)]
  * Executable files for analysis engine (for both [https://zeus-nl.googlecode.com/files/ZeusNL_Executable_files_for_Windows_system.zip Windows] and [https://zeus-nl.googlecode.com/files/ZeusNL_Executable_files_for_Unix_system.zip Unix] systems)
  * Post-processing executable files (in addition to those provided by the graphical user interface)
    * [https://zeus-nl.googlecode.com/files/ZeusNL_PostProcessor_PostProc_BugFixed.zip PostProc]
    * [https://zeus-nl.googlecode.com/files/ZeusNL_PostProcessor_ZeusFish.zip ZeusFish]
  * Source code for:
    * [https://zeus-nl.googlecode.com/files/ZeusNL_Source_Code_Fortran.zip Analysis engine (Fortran 77)]
    * [https://zeus-nl.googlecode.com/files/ZeusNL_GUI_Source_Code.zip Graphical user interface (Windows only, written in Borland Delphi 7)]
    * Post-processing utilities written [https://zeus-nl.googlecode.com/files/ZeusNL_PostProcessor_PostProc_Source_Code_C++_BugFixed.zip C++] and [https://zeus-nl.googlecode.com/files/ZeusNL_PostProcessor_ZEUSPost_Source_Code_MATLAB.zip Matlab] (in addition to those provided by the graphical user interface)
  * Documentation:
    * [02Manual ZEUS-NL user’s manual]
    * [03BatchMode Running ZEUS-NL in batch mode]
    * [04InputOutputFileDescription Description of input/output file formats]
    * [05CompilationProcedure Compiling ZEUS-NL in Windows and Unix]
    * [06MaterialModelImplementation Implementing a material model in ZEUS-NL]
    * [07ElementModelImplementation Implementing an element model in ZEUS-NL]
  * A [08ReferenceLists list of references] (with links to original articles) that include results from ZEUS-NL


= In the recent future =

  * Results from previous verification case studies
  * Additional examples
  * Documentation on the architecture of the source code
  * Verification procedures for developers