#summary This page describes the input/output file formats of ZEUS-NL.
#labels Featured

= Description of Input and Output File Formats =

ZEUS-NL is based on a text input file to run. This file has a .dat extension and is also used to save the data.  The user can get an impression of what this file looks like if any file created by ZEUS-NL Graphical User Interface (GUI) is opened with a simple text editor.
 
The user will notice many similarities between modules in ZEUS-NL GUI and the .dat file. All the data are organized in modules (different module for the section types, the nodal co-ordinates, the element connectivity, etc.). These modules are identified by the program by a unique header (e.g., Sections, Materials, Element Classes, Structural Nodal Coordinates, Element Connectivity, Restraints, Applied Loading, etc.). The headers correspond very closely to the headers of modules in ZEUS-NL GUI. The user should have no problems in understanding how the input data are arranged in the .dat file.

Apart from the .dat file, there are two other file types that hold input data. The first type is the .crv file that holds the data of loaded time-history curves. The second type is the .adt file that holds the records which will be used to derive the elastic spectrum used for scaling of the forces in adaptive pushover analysis. These files should not be deleted.

When running a project, ZEUS-NL creates a number of temporary files that are deleted after the completion of the analysis (.res, .cnd, .res, .lod, .phs, .ref, .rpr, .plt, .sbd, .stg, .spr, .tmp and .eig). Due to their temporary nature, these files are of no importance to the user.
The output files are:
 * .num : The file that holds the results of the analysis. 
 * .nod, .log and .out : Log files that hold data about the modeled structure and the analysis itself.
 * .pat, .per, mpf : Files created during adaptive pushover analysis. They hold data about the loading patterns, the modal periods and the modal participation factors at every step. These files can be useful in many ways to the user.

The PDF file below describes the input (.dat) and output (.num) file formats of ZEUS-NL in detail. 

[https://zeus-nl.googlecode.com/files/Input_Output_File_Format_Description.pdf Input_Output_File_Format_Description.pdf]