#summary This page lists references that include analysis results from ZEUS-NL.
#labels Featured


= ZEUS-NL References =

The PDF file below has a list of references that include analysis results from ZEUS-NL. 

[https://zeusnl.googlecode.com/files/List_of_References.pdf List_of_References.pdf]

The list is intended to be comprehensive, however, it is possible that there exist publications that the developer team could not locate yet or published after the list is compiled.

Note that ZEUS-NL was formerly called “ADAPTIC” and “INDYAS” and some of the earlier publications refer to the software with these names.


== Thesis Documents ==

The PhD theses of the following researchers include analysis results from ZEUS-NL. The titles are to be compiled.

 # Rui Pinho (2000) - Imperial College
 # Aman Mwafy (2001) - Imperial College
 # Tizziana Rossetto (2004) - Imperial College
 # Seong-Hoon Jeong (2005) - University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
 # Oh-Sung Kwon (2007) - University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
 # Gina Thermou (2007) - Imperial College
 # Jun Ji (2007) - University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
 # Narutoshi Nakata (2007) - University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
 # Young Suk Kim (2007) - University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
 # Sung-Jig Kim (2008) - University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign


== Reports and Manuals ==

Only the recent reports are included here. The pdf files are to be compiled.

 # Di Sarno, L., Elnashai, A.S., Manfredi, G. (2010), “Seismic response of RC member subjected to the 2009 L’Aquila (Italy) near-field earthquake ground motions”, Mid-America Earthquake (MAE) Center Report Series, CD-Release 10-01, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL.
 # Thermou, G.E., Stavroula, J., Pantazopoulou, and Elnashai, A.S. (2009), “Design and assessment of models and spectra for repaired reinforced concrete structures”, Mid-America Earthquake (MAE) Center Report Series, CD-Release 09-01, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL.
 # Kim, S.J., and Elnashai, A.S. (2008), “Seismic assessment of RC structures considering vertical ground motion”, Mid-America Earthquake (MAE) Center Report Series, CD-Release 08-03, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL.
 # Elnashai, A.S., Hurtado, J.A., Pineda, O., Kwon, O.-S., Moran-Yanez, L., Huaco, G., and Pluta, G. (2008), “The Pisco-Chincha earthquake of August 15, 2007: Seismological, geotechnical and structural assessments”, Mid-America Earthquake (MAE) Center Report Series, CD-Release 08-01, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL.
 # Nakata, N., Spencer, B.F., and Elnashai, A.S. (2007), “Multi-dimensional mixed-mode hybrid simulation control and applcations”, Newmark Structural Engineering Laboratory (NSEL) Report Series, Report No. NSEL-05, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL.
 # Kwon, O.-S., Elnashai, A.S. (2007), “Probabilisitic seismic assessment of structure, foundation, and soil”, Newmark Structural Engineering Laboratory (NSEL) Report Series, Report No. NSEL-04, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL.
 # Craig, J., Frost, D., Goodno, J. (2007), “Rapid assessment of fragilities for collections of buildings and geostructures”, Mid-America Earthquake (MAE) Center Report Series, CD-Release 07-17, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL.
 # Kwon, O.-S., Elnashai, A.S. (2007), “Probabilisitic seismic assessment of structure, foundation, and soil”, Mid-America Earthquake (MAE) Center Report Series, CD-Release 07-15, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL.
 # Jun, J., Elnashai, A.S., and Kuchma, D.A. (2007), “Seismic fragility assessment for reinforced concrete high-rise buildings”, Mid-America Earthquake (MAE) Center Report Series, CD-Release 07-14, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL.
 # Mwafy, A.M., and Elnashai, A.S. (2007), “Assessment of seismic integrity of multi-span curved bridges in Mid-America”, Mid-America Earthquake (MAE) Center Report Series, CD-Release 07-08, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL.
 # Bai, J.-W., and Hueste, M.B. (2006), “Deterministic and probabilistic evaluation of retrofit alternative for a five-story flat-slab structure”, Mid-America Earthquake (MAE) Center Report Series, CD-Release 06-01, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL.
 # Papanikolaou, V., Elnashai, A., and Pareja, J. (2005), “Limits of applicability of conventional and advanced pushover analysis for seismic response assessment”, Mid-America Earthquake (MAE) Center Report Series, CD-Release 05-02, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL.
 # Jeong, S.-H., and Elnashai, A. (2004), “Analytical assessment of an irregular RC full scale 3D test structure”, Mid-America Earthquake (MAE) Center Report Series, CD-Release 04-03, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL.
 # Erberik, M.A., and Elnashai, A. (2003), “Seismic vulnerability of flat-slab structures”, Mid-America Earthquake (MAE) Center Report Series, CD-Release 03-06, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL.
 # Elnashai, A., Papanikolaou, V., and Lee, D. (2003), “ZEUS NL ? A system for inelastic analysis of structures”, Mid-America Earthquake (MAE) Center Report Series, CD-Release 03-02, Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Urbana, IL.


== Journal Articles ==

 # Mwafy, A., Kwon, O., Elnashai, A.S., and Hashash Y. (2010), “Wave passage and ground motion incoherency effects on seismic response of an extended bridge,” _Journal of Bridge Engineering_, DOI: 10.1061/(ASCE)BE.1943-5592.0000155.
 # Kwon, O., Mwafy, A., and Elnashai, A.S. (2010), “Analytical Assessment of Seismic Performance Evaluation Procedures for Bridges”, ACI 341 Special Publication, Vol. 271, 45-62.
 # Mwafy, A., Kwon, O., and Elnashai, A.S. (2010), “Seismic assessment of an existing non-seismically designed major bridge-abutment-foundation system”, _Engineering Structures_, Vol. 32, No. 8, 2192-2209.
 # Kwon, O., and Elnashai, A. S. (2010). “Seismic fragility analysis of a bridge in Central and Eastern United States”, _Structure and Infrastructure Engineering_, Vol. 6, No. 1-2, 159-178.
 # Penelis, G.G., and Papanikolaou, V.K. (2010), “Nonlinear static and dynamic behavior of a 16-story torsionally sensitive building designed according to Eurocodes”, _Journal of Earthquake Engineering_, Vol. 14, 706-725.
 # Kwon, O., and Kim, E. (2009). “Case study: analytical investigation on the failure of a two-story RC building damaged during the 2007 Pisco-Chincha earthquake”, _Engineering Structures_, Vol. 32, No. 7, 1876-1887.
 # D’Ambrisi, A., De Stefano, M., and Tanganelli, M. (2009), “Use of pushover analysis for predicting seismic response of irregular buildings: a case study”, _Journal of Earthquake Engineering_, Vol. 13, 1089-1100.
 # Kim, S.J., and Elnashai, A.S. (2009), “Characterization of shaking intensity distribution and seismic assessment of RC buildings for the Kashmir (Pakistan) earthquake of October 2005”, _Engineering Structures_, Vol. 31, No. 12, 2998-3015.
 # Ji, J., Elnashai, A.S., and Kuchma, D.A. (2009), “Seismic fragility relationships of reinforced concrete high-rise buildings”, _The Structural Design of Tall and Special Buildings_, Vol.18, No. 3, 259-277.
 # Kwon, O., Elnashai, A. S., and Spencer, Jr., B. F. (2008), “A framework for distributed analytical and hybrid Simulations”, _Structural Engineering and Mechanics_, Vol. 30, No. 3, 331-350.
 # Kwon, O-S., and Elnashai, A.S. (2008), “Seismic analysis of Meloland Road overcrossing using multiplatform simulation software including SSI”, _Journal of Structural Engineering_, Vol. 134, No. 4, 651-660.
 # Burdette, N.J., and Elnashai, A.S. (2008), “Effect of asynchronous earthquake motion on complex bridges, Part II: Results and implications on assessment”, _Journal of Bridge Engineering_, Vol. 13, No. 2, 166-172.
 # Burdette, N.J., Elnashai, A.S., Lupoi, A., and Sextos, A.G. (2008), “Effect of asynchronous earthquake motion on complex bridges, Part I: Methodology and input motion”, _Journal of Bridge Engineering_, Vol. 13, No. 2, 158-165.
 # Mwafy, A., and Elnashai, A. (2008), “Importance of shear assessment of concrete structures detailed to different capacity design requirements”, _Engineering Structures_, Vol. 30, 1590-1604.
 # Ji, J., Elnashai, A.S., and Kuchma, D.A. (2007), “An analytical framework for seismic fragility analysis of RC high-rise buildings”, _Engineering Structures_, Vol. 29, 3197-3209.
 # Jeong, S-H., and Elnashai, A.S. (2007), “Fragility relationships for torsionally-imbalanced buildings using three-dimensional damage characterization”, _Engineering Structures_, Vol. 29, 2172-2182.
 # Mwafy, A., Elnashai, A., and Yen, W-H. (2007), “Implications of design assumptions on capacity estimates and demand predictions of multispan curved bridges”, _Journal of Bridge Engineering_, Vol. 12, No. 6, 710-726.
 # Thermou, G.E., Pantazopoulou, S.J., and Elnashai, A.S. (2007), “Design methodology for seismic upgrading of substandard reinforced concrete structures”, _Journal of Earthquake Engineering_, Vol. 11, No. 4, 582-606.
 # Jeong, S-H., and Elnashai, A.S. (2007), “Probabilistic fragility analysis parameterized by fundamental response quantities”, _Engineering Structures_, Vol. 29, 1238-1251.
 # Hueste, M.B., and Bai, J.-W. (2007), “Seismic retrofit of a reinforced concrete flat-slab structure: Part I ? seismic performance evaluation”, _Engineering Structures_, Vol. 29, 1165-1177.
 # Jeong, S-H., and Elnashai, A.S. (2006), “New three-dimensional damage index for RC buildings with planar irregularities” _Journal of Structural Engineering_, Vol. 132, No. 9, 1482-1490.
 # Elnashai, A.S. (2006), “Assessment of seismic vulnerability of structures”, _Journal of Constructional Steel Research_, Vol. 62, 1134-1147.
 # Thermou, G.E., and Elnashai, A.S. (2006), “Seismic retrofit schemes for RC structures and local-global consequences”, _Progress in Structural Engineering and Materials_, Vol. 8, 1-15.
 # Erberik, M.A., and Elnashai, A.S. (2006), “Loss estimation analysis of flat-slab structures”, _Natural Hazards Review_, Vol. 7, No. 1, 26-37.
 # Di Sarno, L., Elnashai, A.S., and Nethercot, D.A. (2006), “Seismic retrofitting of framed structures with stainless steel”, _Journal of Constructional Steel Research_, Vol. 62, pp. 93-104.
 # Mwafy, A., Elnashai, A., Sigbjornsson, R., and Salama, A. (2006), “Significance of severe distant and moderate close earthquakes on design and behavior of tall buildings”, _The Structural Design of Tall Buildings_, Vol. 15, 391-416.
 # Kwon, O-S., and Elnashai, A. (2006), “The effect of material and ground motion uncertainty on the seismic vulnerability curves of RC structure”, _Engineering Structures_, Vol. 28, 289-303.
 # Papanikolaou, V., Elnashai, A.S., and Pareja, J.F. (2006), “Evaluation of conventional and adaptive pushover analysis II: Comparative Results”, _Journal of Earthquake Engineering_, Vol. 10, No. 1, 127-151.
 # Papanikolaou, V., and Elnashai, A.S. (2005), “Evaluation of conventional and adaptive pushover analysis I: Methodology”, _Journal of Earthquake Engineering_, Vol. 9, No. 6, 923-941.
 # Kwon, O-S., Nakata, N., Elnashai, A., and Spencer, B. (2005), “A framework for multi-site distributed simulation and application to complex structural systems”, _Journal of Earthquake Engineering_, Vol. 9, No. 5, 741-753.
 # Rossetto, T., and Elnashai, A. (2005), “A new analytical procedure for the derivation of displacement-based vulnerability curves for populations of RC structures”, _Engineering Structures_, Vol. 27, 397-409.
 # Jeong, S-H., and Elnashai, A.S. (2005), “Analytical assessment of an irregular RC frame for full-scale 3D pseudo-dynamic testing, Part II: Condition assessment and test deployment”, _Journal of Earthquake Engineering_, Vol. 9, No. 2, 265-284.
 # Jeong, S-H., and Elnashai, A.S. (2005), “Analytical assessment of an irregular RC frame for full-scale 3D pseudo-dynamic testing, Part I: Analytical model verification”, _Journal of Earthquake Engineering_, Vol. 9, No. 1, 95-128.
 # Erberik, M.A., and Elnashai, A.S. (2004), “Fragility analysis of flat-slab structures”, _Engineering Structures_, Vol. 26, 937-948.
 # Elnashai, A.S., Borzi, B., and Vlachos S. (2004), “Deformation-based vulnerability functions for RC bridges”, _Structural Engineering and Mechanics_, Vol. 17, No. 2, 215-244.
 # Thermou, G.E., Elnashai, A.S., Plumier A., and Doneux, C. (2004), “Seismic design and performance of composite frames”, _Journal of Constructional Steel Research_, Vol. 60, 31-57.
 # Di Sarno, L., Elnashai, A.S., and Nethercot, D.A. (2003), “Seismic performance assessment of stainless steel frames”, _Journal of Constructional Steel Research_, Vol. 59, 1289-1319.
 # Elnashai, A.S., and Mwafy, A.M. (2002), “Overstrength and force reduction factors of multistorey reinforced-concrete buildings”, _The Structural Design of Tall Buildings_, Vol. 11, 329-351.
 # Mwafy, A.M., and Elnashai, A.S., “Calibration of force reduction factors of RC buildings”, _Journal of Earthquake Engineering_, Vol. 6, No. 2, 239-273.
 # Lee, D.H., and Elnashai, A.S. (2002), “Inelastic seismic analysis of RC bridge piers including flexure-shear-axial interaction”, Vol. 13, No. 3, 241-260.
 # Elnashai, A.S. (2002), “Do we really need inelastic dynamic analysis?”, Journal of Earthquake Engineering, Vol. 6, Special issue 1, 123-130.
 # Collier, C.J., and Elnashai, A.S. (2001), “A procedure for combining vertical and horizontal seismic action effects”, _Journal of Earthquake Engineering_, Vol. 5, No. 4, 521-539.
 # Lee, D.H., and Elnashai, A.S. (2001), “Seismic analysis of RC bridge columns with flexure-shear interaction”, _Journal of Structural Engineering_, Vol. 127, No. 5, 546-553.
 # Elnashai, A.S. (2001), “Advanced inelastic static (pushover) analysis for earthquake applications”, _Structural Engineering and Mechanics_, Vol. 12, No. 1, 51-69.
 # Mwafy, A.M., and Elnashai, A.S., (2001), “Static pushover versus dynamic collapse analysis of RC buildings”, _Engineering Structures_, Vol. 23, 407-424.
 # Tzanetos, N., Elnashai, A.S., Hamdan, F.H, and Antoniou, S. (2000), “Inelastic dynamic response of RC bridges subjected to spatial non-synchronous earthquake motion”, _Advances in Structural Engineering_, Vol. 3, No. 3, 191-214.
 # Izuddin, B.A., Song, L., Elnashai, A.S., and Dowling, P.J. (2000), “An integrated adaptive environment for fire and explosion analysis of steel frames, Part II: Verification and application”, _Journal of Constructional Steel Research_, Vol. 53, 87-111.
 # Song, L., Izuddin, B.A., Elnashai, A.S., and Dowling, P.J. (2000), “An integrated adaptive environment for fire and explosion analysis of steel frames, Part I: Analytical models”, _Journal of Constructional Steel Research_, Vol. 53, 63-85.
 # Elnashai, A.S. (2000), “Analysis of the damage potential of the Kocaeli (Turkey) earthquake of 17 August 1999”, _Engineering Structures_, Vol. 22, 746-754.
 # Chryssanthopoulos, M.K., Manzocchi, G.M.E., and Elnashai, A.S. (1999), “Probabilistic assessment of ductility for earthquake resistant design of steel members”, _Journal of Constructional Steel Research_, Vol. 52, 47-68.
 # Laogan, B.T., and Elnashai, A.S. (1999), “Structural performance and economics of tall high strength RC buildings in seismic regions”, _The Structural Design of Tall Buildings_, Vol. 8, 171-204.
 # Elnashai, A.S., and Pinho, R. (1998), “Repair and retrofitting of RC walls using selective techniques”, _Journal of Earthquake Engineering_, Vol. 2, No. 4, 525-568.
 # Martinez-Rueda, J.E., and Elnashai, A.S. (1997), “Confined concrete model under cyclic load”, _Materials and Structures_, Vol. 30, 139-147.
 # Elnashai, A.S., McClure, D.C. (1996), “Effect of modelling assumptions and input motion characteristics on seismic design parameters of RC bridge piers”, _Earthquake Engineering and Structural Dynamics_, Vol. 25, 435-463.
 # Broderick, B.M., and Elnashai, A.S. (1996), “Seismic response of composite frames, Part I: Calculation of behavior factors”, _Engineering Structures_, Vol. 18, No. 9, 707-723.
 # Broderick, B.M., and Elnashai, A.S. (1996), “Seismic response of composite frames, Part I: Response criteria and input motion”, _Engineering Structures_, Vol. 18, No. 9, 696-706.
 # Broderick, B.M., and Elnashai, A.S. (1995), “Analysis of the failure of Interstate 10 freeway ramp during the Northridge earthquake of 17 January 1994”, _Earthquake Engineering and Structural Dynamics_, Vol. 24, 189-208.
 # Elnashai, A.S., Broderick, B.M., and Dowling, P.J. (1995), “Earthquake-resistant composite steel/concrete structures”, _The Structural Engineer_, Vol. 73, No. 8, 121-132.
 # Karayannis, C.G., Izuddin, B.A., and Elnashai A.S. (1994), “Application of adaptive analysis to reinforced concrete frames”, _Journal of Structural Engineering_, Vol. 120, No. 20, 2935-2957.
 # Izuddin, B.A., Karayannis, C.G., and Elnashai, A.S. (1994), “Advanced nonlinear formulation for reinforced concrete beam-columns”, _Journal of Structural Engineering_, Vol. 120, No. 10, 2913-2934.
 # Elnashai, A.S., and Elghazouli, A.Y. (1994), “Seismic behavior of semi-rigid steel frames”, _Journal of Constructional Steel Research_, Vol. 29, 149-174.
 # Broderick, B.M., and Elnashai A.S. (1994), “Seismic resistance of composite beam-columns in multi-storey structures, Part II: Analytical model and discussion of results”, _Journal of Construction Steel Research_, Vol. 30, 231-258.
 # Broderick, B.M., Elnashai, A.S., and Izuddin, B.A. (1994), “Observations on the effect of numerical dissipation on the nonlinear response of structural systems”, _Engineering Structures_, Vol. 16, No. 1, 51-62.
 # Izuddin, B.A., and Elnashai, A.S. (1993), “Adaptive space frame analysis, Part II: A distributed plasticity approach”, Proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers, _Structures and Buildings_, Vol. 99, 317-326.
 # Izuddin, B.A., and Elnashai, A.S. (1993), “Adaptive space frame analysis, Part I: A plastic hinge approach”, Proceedings of the Institution of Civil Engineers, _Structures and Buildings_, Vol. 99, 303-316.
 # Elnashai, A.S., and Elghazouli, A.Y. (1993), “Performance of composite steel/concrete members under earthquake loading, Part II: Parametric studies and design considerations”, _Earthquake Engineering and Structural Dynamics_, Vol. 22, 347-368.
 # Elnashai, A.S., and Elghazouli, A.Y. (1993), “Performance of composite steel/concrete members under earthquake loading, Part I: Analytical model”, _Earthquake Engineering and Structural Dynamics_, Vol. 22, 315-345.
 # Elnashai, A.S., and Izuddin, B.A. (1993), “Modelling of material non-linearities in steel structures subjected to transient dynamic loading”, _Earthquake Engineering and Structural Dynamics_, 22, 509-532.
 # Izuddin, B.A., and Elnashai, A.S. (1993), “Eulerian formulation for large-displacement analysis of space frames”, _Journal of Engineering Mechanics_, Vol. 119, No. 3, 549-569.
 # Madas, P., Elnashai, A.S. (1992), “A new passive confinement model for the analysis of concrete structures subjected to cyclic and transient dynamic loading”, _Earthquake Engineering and Structural Dynamics_, Vol. 21, 409-431.
 # Elnashai, A.S., and Chryssanthopoulos, M. (1991), “Effect of random material variability on seismic design parameters of steel frames”, _Earthquake Engineering and Structural Dynamics_, Vol. 20, 101-114.
 # Elnashai, A.S., Izuddin, B.A., and Dowling, P.J. (1989), “Efficient large displacement elastoplastic dynamic analysis of steel frames”, _European Earthquake Engineering_, Vol. 3, 32-41.